Add tutorials and quickstart page (#4315)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/docs/tutorial/adding-notes.rst

Author: I dunno about `target` here, doesn't feel like it fits. I think we should add a demonstration of `event` to the same page, but I haven't yet, so I've just left it as a `.. note`.

Adding notes
============

When a test fails, Hypothesis will normally print output that looks like this:

.. code::

    Falsifying example: test_a_thing(x=1, y="foo")

Sometimes you want to add some additional information to a failure, such as the output of some intermediate step in your test. The |note| function lets you do this:

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> from hypothesis import given, note, strategies as st
    >>> @given(st.lists(st.integers()), st.randoms())
    ... def test_shuffle_is_noop(ls, r):
    ...     ls2 = list(ls)
    ...     r.shuffle(ls2)
    ...     note(f"Shuffle: {ls2!r}")
    ...     assert ls == ls2
    ...
    >>> try:
    ...     test_shuffle_is_noop()
    ... except AssertionError:
    ...     print("ls != ls2")
    ...
    Falsifying example: test_shuffle_is_noop(ls=[0, 1], r=RandomWithSeed(1))
    Shuffle: [1, 0]
    ls != ls2

|note| is like a print statement that gets attached to the falsifying example reported by Hypothesis. It's also reported by :ref:`observability <observability>`, and shown for all examples (if |settings.verbosity| is set to |Verbosity.verbose| or higher).

.. note::

>     |event| is a similar function which tells Hypothesis to report the number of times an event happened with some value, rather than a static note.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |event| is a similar function which tells Hypothesis to count the number of test cases which reported each distinct value you pass, for inclusion in statistics (and observability reports).
```
plus links to statistics and observability
